Prepare v0.67.0 release (#2372)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## v0.67.0

This Splunk OpenTelemetry Collector release includes changes from the [opentelemetry-collector v0.67.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/releases/tag/v0.67.0) and the [opentelemetry-collector-contrib v0.67.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases/tag/v0.67.0) releases where appropriate.

### 🛑 Breaking changes 🛑

> - Restrict Collector service command line arguments [#2343](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2343) 

Reviewer: Can someone please show me any use case that is "broken" to call it  🛑 Breaking changes 🛑 ? :)

Reviewer: We don't need to stop the release. I can prepare a PR to remove this unless anyone can show me what is broken. How does it sound?

## Unreleased

## v0.67.0

> This release changes the handling and availability of some command line parameters.  While we do not expect any negative customer impact or action required for existing applications to work, please cut us an issue on [github](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/issues) if you experience any issues related to command line flags, ensuring to include a detailed error log and the context in which any failures happened..
> 
> This Splunk OpenTelemetry Collector release includes changes from the [opentelemetry-collector v0.67.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/releases/tag/v0.67.0) and the [opentelemetry-collector-contrib v0.67.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases/tag/v0.67.0) releases where appropriate, in addition to various dependabot upgrades.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This Splunk OpenTelemetry Collector release includes changes from the [opentelemetry-collector v0.67.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/releases/tag/v0.67.0) and the [opentelemetry-collector-contrib v0.67.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/releases/tag/v0.67.0) releases where appropriate.

### 🛑 Breaking changes 🛑
- Restrict Collector service command line arguments [#2343](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2343) 
```

The dependabot updates have been included as

```
Third-party dependency updates
``

or similar

Reviewer 3: +1 to this comment, we advertise breaking change with this type of header

Reviewer 2: imo there is enough information in the item to signal advanced users who may be affected by the change.

for the github flow you could comment w/ a snippet or just push what you're proposing (since that's the aim of PRs) for the next comment cycle.

Reviewer 2: I think our official support policy is opening a ticket, but we try to be reasonably responsive w/ gh issues: https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/blob/main/docs/troubleshooting.md

Reviewer 2: No need for this contact/rfc disclaimers to be associated w/ this specific item imo.

### 💡 Enhancements 💡

> - [Add explicit vault creds-helper calls](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2360)

Reviewer 2: This is internal CI logic that isn't customer facing so unneeded imo

- [add README to packaging/choco directory](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2328A
- [Add Azure Eventhub receiver](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2342)
- [add support for proxy as part of bosh deployment](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2273)

> - [Make it possible to use a different docker repository when building the image](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2309)

Reviewer 2: same internal change

- [PPC support](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2308)
- [Add logstransformprocessor from contrib](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2246)

> - [Add windowsperfcounters receiver from contrib](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2187)

Reviewer 2: This was released in v0.64.0

### 🧰 Bug fixes 🧰

- [fix image filter to regex match the tag](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2357)
- [Rework command line arguments parsing](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2343)
- [Temporarily add a no-op flag --metrics-addr](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2363)
- [Remove handling of unsupported --mem-ballast-size-mib command line argument](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2339)
- [fix digest artifact path](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2301)

> - [Fix the docker repository reference in use to mirror docker hub](https://github.com/signalfx/splunk-otel-collector/pull/2310)

Reviewer 2: same internal issue
